gh-124787: Fix `TypeAliasType` and incorrect `type_params` (#124795)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-09-30-20-46-32.gh-issue-124787.3FnJnP.rst

Fix :class:`typing.TypeAliasType` with incorrect ``type_params`` argument.

> Now it raises a :exc:`TypeError` when: 1. A type var without default follows
> a type var with default 2. Not a typelike parameter passed in
> ``type_params`` tuple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now it raises a :exc:`TypeError` when a type parameter without a default
follows one with a default, and when an entry in the ``type_params`` tuple
is not a type parameter object.
```
